having conquered Britain the
revolutionary the death of Stalin makes
its triumphant American arrival on March
9 huge crowds gather in anticipation for
the cinematic masterpiece as excitement
mounts patriotic workers rush to rise up
against the forces of movie mediocrity
she's doing a bit here's a certificate
for tweeting about death of Stalin 500
times
that people food that comedy genius our
family energy beloved father
spontaneous parades have closed streets
nationwide in honor of Steve Buscemi the
champion of the people citizens of
America we need you to make movie going
great again the death of Starling
marching to victory March night